kernel: add msg documentation (#189)
phoenix-rtos/phoenix-rtos-doc: kernel/msg/README.md

- `i.size` - length of the `i.data` buffer.

The operation should block the client until all requested data is written to the device. Number of written bytes or
error is returned via `o.err`.

#### `mtTruncate`

Truncate a file.

#### `mtDevCtl`

Custom message type for device control.

This message type allows defining an entirely custom structure for communication with a server. This structure should
be serialized/deserialized to/from message i.raw/o.raw fields. Additional data can be passed in i.data and o.data
fields.

#### `mtCreate`

Create new object.

#### `mtDestroy`

Destroy object.

#### `mtSetAttr`

Set object attributes.

#### `mtGetAttr`

Get object attribute specified by `i.attr.type`.

#### `mtGetAttrAll`

Get all object attributes.

#### `mtLookup`

Lookup for object identifier associated with a name.

#### `mtLink`

Create a hard link.

#### `mtUnlink`

Remove a hard link.

#### `mtReaddir`

Read directory entries.

## Message passing

Messages are sent using the `msgSend(port_t port, msg_t *msg)` syscall. The `port` argument is the port number of the
target queue, and `msg` is a pointer to the message structure. The caller is responsible for filling the message

> structure with appropriate data. Only the `mtDevCtl` message type may use `msg.i.raw` field directly. For all other

Reviewer: Maybe "msg.i.raw and msg.o.raw must not be used directly when using standard message type, with exception of mtDevCtl"?
```suggestion
structure with appropriate data. Only the `mtDevCtl` message type may use `msg.i.raw` and `msg.i.raw` fields directly. For all other
```
